warning the following video be so manly
that it can make a woman Rob a beard so
if you are little Justin Beaver what is
the people today I'm bringing you a
video about one of the most fun weapons
in Call of Duty ghosts the MK 32 semtex
grenade launcher or a syntax launcher
and I'm bringing you guys two clips on
this clip right here I was out of ammo
so I decided to pick up a gun from the
ground I had no choice and I picked this
one up and it looked funny this was my
first time using it it looked fun it
looks manly so I decided to give it a
try and I get three kills I get a three
kill streak so this clip was great
because you only have three shots
so this MK 32 was a very effective three
shots three kills and on the second clip
you're gonna witness a biblical quads
which is almost impossible to get given
the the map size you know most of these
maps are super big and there's only 66
on the PlayStation 3 so to kill four
guys at the same time with this with
this weapon was biblical as you can see
here it fires - Sam Texas one goes low
the other one goes high it's a little
bit weird so little bit difficult to get
kills with this gun but in my opinion it
is very fun to use it is the worst
getting Call of Duty ghosts but it is
the most one of the most fun weapons to
use in in Call of Duty ghosts and right
here you have the the biblical quad
gentlemen this was absolutely epic oh
that's exactly what I said man when I
saw so many people together I was
chasing one guy and out of nowhere
instead of one there were four guys at
the same time on the same spot and I
just fired everything I had boom boom
boom fire everything and the you know I
was like yo maybe I'll get one or two
kills because this weapon is very weak
and I got four so this was biblical and
I just love this weapon it's very fun to
use and I'm gonna bring you guys a full
gameplay actually that quad was a
is from that gameplay that I'm gonna
give you guys bring you guys and I'm
gonna show you guys the best class to
use with this gun and how to make it
more effective and how to have more fun
with that beast so if you enjoyed this
video do not forget to leave a like
rating comment subscribe I will see you
next time peace